Remove all docs from main branches (#777)
Azure/iotedge-lorawan-starterkit: Samples/README.md

# Decoder Samples

The following samples are available:

- Decoder
- UniversalDecoder
- CayenneDecoder

> The documentation can be found at <https://github.com/Azure/iotedge-lorawan-starterkit/tree/docs/main/docs/samples>

Reviewer: Why not send to the documentation URL instead of the repo?

```suggestion
The documentation can be found at <https://azure.github.io/iotedge-lorawan-starterkit/user-guide/documentation/>
```

Author: fixed by adding the links to the list items themselves
